.TH KIRO-PROBE-REPORT 8 "2026-05-31" "Kiro" "Kiro System Tools"
.SH NAME
kiro-probe-report \- generate an HTML insight report from a saved hw-probe package
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B kiro-probe-report
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR]
[\fIPROBE\fR]
[\fIOUTPUT\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B kiro-probe-report
turns a saved
.B hw-probe
package into a single self-contained, colour-coded HTML page for offline
hardware insight. It reads the probe's
.IR host ", " devices " and " logs/
data and renders a system summary, a device-status overview
(works / detected / failed), a grouped device table and collapsible raw
log sections.
.PP
A probe is saved with
.B kiro-probe \-\-save
(or
.BR "hw-probe \-all \-save" ).
This command does not run a probe or contact any server; it only renders an
existing one, so it needs no root privileges.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print a help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Print version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Show what would be executed without writing any file.
.TP
.I PROBE
Path to an
.I hw.info.txz
archive or an
.I hw.info
directory. Defaults to
.I ./hw.info.txz
or
.I ./hw.info
in the current directory.
.TP
.I OUTPUT
HTML file to write. Defaults to
.I hw-probe-report.html
next to the probe.
.SH PRIVACY
The collapsed raw-log sections (dmidecode, smartctl, lsblk) embed hardware
serial numbers. The report is for local diagnostics and is marked local-only;
do not publish, upload or share the generated file.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /usr/local/lib/kiro-probe-report.py
The HTML generator invoked by this wrapper.
.TP
.I /usr/local/lib/kiro-common.sh
Shared library.
.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
kiro-probe-report ~/Documents/hw.info.txz
kiro-probe-report ./hw.info report.html
.EE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR kiro-probe (8),
.BR hw-probe (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Erik Dubois <https://www.erikdubois.be>
