.TH SKEL 8 "2026-05-19" "Kiro" "Kiro System Tools"
.SH NAME
skel \- copy /etc/skel to the home directory with a ~/.config backup
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B skel
[\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR]
[\fB\-v\fR|\fB\-\-version\fR]
[\fB\-d\fR|\fB\-\-dry\-run\fR]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B skel
copies the system skeleton directory
.RI ( /etc/skel )
into the current user's home directory.
This brings new default configuration files into use without losing
existing customisations permanently.
.PP
Before copying,
.B skel
backs up
.I ~/.config
to
.I ~/.config-backup-YYYY.MM.DD-HH.MM.SS
so the previous state can be restored if needed.
.PP
In interactive mode (no
.BR \-\-dry\-run )
the user is prompted to confirm before any files are touched.
In
.B \-\-dry\-run
mode the confirmation prompt is skipped and only the two commands are
displayed.
.PP
Useful when a tiling window manager is crashing: run
.B skel
in a TTY to restore default configs without needing a graphical session.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Print a help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Print version information and exit.
.TP
.BR \-d ", " \-\-dry\-run
Show what would be executed without making any changes.
Skips the interactive confirmation prompt.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I /etc/skel/
Source skeleton directory.
.TP
.I ~/.config/
Backed up before overwriting.
.TP
.I ~/.config-backup-YYYY.MM.DD-HH.MM.SS/
Timestamped backup created by this script.
.TP
.I /usr/local/lib/kiro-common.sh
Shared library.
.SH EXAMPLES
Preview what would be copied:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
skel --dry-run
.EE
.RE
.PP
Run interactively:
.PP
.RS 4
.EX
skel
.EE
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR cp (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Erik Dubois <https://www.erikdubois.be>
